Y
the life
yes
is going to not want to go to work fuck cj cj
advance loose of black shit is
wake up this still sleeps whore
is loose black from the balls wake up
guaraná and you what are you doing here and how
You enter through the door, asshole guarana
yes I know but how do you get to the house if
had already put that you passed me a no
you remember it does not matter but one
ask what are you doing here so early
I come here so we can go out for a while because
I'm bored and brought some friends
friends shut up that she is sleeping
here we go down and talk there
you are fernando's friends
drones are simulated but of course if
I know I'm watching telly pelotudos
see what you are seeing of good
good morning today in tele polla les
we bring news of a peasant says
that last night when he was with
your dog in the forest collecting
logs to make campfire your dog
disappeared and after being ripped
saw a weird animal running through the
forest blames that strange thing of
that his dog did not reappear
never better now we'll go talk
with that peasant to tell them
well what happened to his
pet
hello sorry for bothering you but you're
they are the news of tele polla and today
we want to know what happened
with his dog that night he went to
good forest that night I wanted to do
a bonfire to pass the cold but not
I had firewood so we started myself and my
pet to the forest that is near here
and when we got there I was getting together
the firewoods when suddenly without scams a
howl of a wolf and my dog came out
running behind that sounds
getting into some branches when I felt
that my dog had killed him and I started
to record then I saw an animal
coming out of the branches where he had
put my dog ​​and right there I had
asked what the pussies will have happened to
my puppy because from that night
I have not seen him again and he has that
recording that he said he recorded when
happened this event yes of course because if
you do not mind we can see
supposed
wow really there was something there but
it does not look very good and we would not know that
it can be that thing but thanks nothing
if I just want to know what happened to my
good dog people this was all of the
news of morning cock
thanks for having informed in our
channel there is of course if you have any
news to which you want to say
call the number 600 580 340 or if not in
our website
www.noticiasinsolitsya.com of we will go
black to the field so just hurry up
Fucking care, we go squeeze the
damn pedal to brake but brakes that
let's crash black it's fucking if
I did not have everything under control fernando
well we have already arrived where the
peasant who said he has seen something
weird in the forest that we came where the
peasant who came out on the news of
I telepo like that so wait for me here
up and I'll go see if he's home
aló aló fuck there is someone do not stay
silent to the fucking or is there someone here and
where as it has gone
as you said to the forest thank you now
I have to go
and how it forces you bad now we will have to
go to the forest so put on
your belts because we will go very
Quick
now as we will see power
hey black you're sure it's over here
because it hurts the corny if I'm sure
which is around here because I've already come
many times to this forest
Look what's going on down there, there's so much
people in that cabin shut up fucking
it does not let me sleep peacefully I do not know
Now I'll go see just wait for me
go this cock dick here doing your
news maybe something bad happened
but very bad for the arrival of
news but right now I'll go see what
cojones pasa
can not enter here because the agents
they are investigating and do not want annoyance
so please leave but if I
I want to know what happens here
fucking asshole I did not tell you that you can not
enter shit not
why the hell has this happened to him
poor peasant who was the fucking who
I kill to collect revenge hear you
he knows what happened to him I do not know but he has many
scratches and pieces less as if a wolf
I would have killed him but who the fuck is
you the old folly pascuero to ha ha ha ha
juas juas juas juas ha ha ha ha goodbye y
Grace
Fuck me , do not go back to me
where they have not called you fuck
now if we go from here to look for
that fucking wolf of the balls
where are we going fuck are looking for a wolf
that killed that poor peasant and his
pet no
fuck